
Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California. 
It was founded by Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak, and Ronald Wayne in 1976. Apple's hardware products include the iPhone, 
the iPad, the Mac computers, and the Apple Watch. Tim Cook is the current CEO of Apple Inc.

Microsoft Corporation is another American multinational technology company. Its headquarters are in Redmond, Washington. 
Microsoft was founded by Bill Gates and Paul Allen in 1975. The company is known for its software products like Windows 
operating system, Microsoft Office suite, and the Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers. Satya Nadella is the current 
CEO of Microsoft.

Google LLC is an American multinational technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products. 
It was founded by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were Ph.D. students at Stanford University. Google's headquarters 
are in Mountain View, California. Sundar Pichai is the current CEO of Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google.

Amazon.com, Inc. is an American multinational technology company based in Seattle, Washington. It was founded by Jeff Bezos 
in 1994. Amazon is known for its online marketplace, Amazon Prime, and its cloud computing platform, Amazon Web Services (AWS). 
Andy Jassy is the current CEO of Amazon.

Facebook, Inc., now known as Meta Platforms, Inc., is an American multinational technology conglomerate based in Menlo Park, 
California. It was founded by Mark Zuckerberg, Eduardo Saverin, Andrew McCollum, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes in 2004. 
Mark Zuckerberg is the current CEO of Meta Platforms.

Tesla, Inc. is an American electric vehicle and clean energy company based in Palo Alto, California. Tesla was founded in 2003 
by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning, although Elon Musk, JB Straubel, and Ian Wright are also considered co-founders. 
Elon Musk is the current CEO of Tesla.

The White House is the official residence and workplace of the President of the United States, located at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW in Washington, D.C. 
The current president is Joe Biden.

NASA (National Aeronautics and Space Administration) is an independent agency of the U.S. federal government responsible for the civilian space program, 
as well as aeronautics and aerospace research. NASA was established in 1958, succeeding the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA).
